README.md, before:

## Recitation Refinement

Recitation Refinement is a Qur'anic Education Group that serves the need of Adult Muslims who wish to take the path of learning the recitation and memorisation of the Qur'an. The objective of this programme is to facilitate Qur'anic Education towards Muslims of all backgrounds. As this is an Islamic institution targetted towards Muslims that want to learn the Qur'an, I decided to ensure there was a Qur'anic theme throughout the entire webpage so that the audience can feel the purpose as soon as they visit the websit
In an era of technological advances with smartphones, many users will be visiting the site just from their mobiles. Therefore, the site uses a one-page format, as this brings ease to users who wish to view the website on their phones. 

![responsive design picture](assets/images/responsive-design.png)

# Features 

## Header

### Logo
- The opening section of the page is the header which contains the logo and the navigation menu. 
- The logo portrays both the organisation and the purpose of the website.

### Navigation Bar
- The navigation bar is located within the header and consists of the 'Poppins' font which is the same font as all the paragraph text in order to maintain consistency.
- The options contain a hover function that changes the colour of the text to white and the background to a dark blue colour, which is in-line with the colour scheme of the logo.

![header-section](assets/images/header.png)

Commit message:

add about us section to readme

README.md, after:

## Recitation Refinement

Recitation Refinement is a Qur'anic Education Group that serves the need of Adult Muslims who wish to take the path of learning the recitation and memorisation of the Qur'an. The objective of this programme is to facilitate Qur'anic Education towards Muslims of all backgrounds. As this is an Islamic institution targetted towards Muslims that want to learn the Qur'an, I decided to ensure there was a Qur'anic theme throughout the entire webpage so that the audience can feel the purpose as soon as they visit the websit
In an era of technological advances with smartphones, many users will be visiting the site just from their mobiles. Therefore, the site uses a one-page format, as this brings ease to users who wish to view the website on their phones. 

![responsive design picture](assets/images/responsive-design.png)

# Features 

## Header

### Logo
- The opening section of the page is the header which contains the logo and the navigation menu. 
- The logo portrays both the organisation and the purpose of the website.

### Navigation Bar
- The navigation bar is located within the header and consists of the 'Poppins' font which is the same font as all the paragraph text in order to maintain consistency.
- The options contain a hover function that changes the colour of the text to white and the background to a dark blue colour, which is in-line with the colour scheme of the logo. It also initiates the feeling of familiarity of the organisation due to the recognition of the same colour. 

![header section](assets/images/header.png)

## Hero Image
- The Hero Image used is an open Qur'an as this is the first thing that will catch the eye of the user and give an immediate representation of what the organisation is all about. It also foreshadows the product of what the organisation is selling to the user as by signing up to the programme, they will regularly be opening and looking at the Qur'an The colour of the image was also carefully considered due to the blue design of the pages and the black scripture, which is consistent with the colours used in the website. 
- A Zoom-in animation was used in order to reflect the exact vision of the organisation upon the user. A Programme that is focussed on the Qur'an only.
- The Image text has a dark blue background to remain consistent with the colour scheme, and the colour of the text is white in order to give the right contrast with the background. The usage of black text was avoided as this would clash with the Hero Image. The text works in synergy with the Hero Image as it conveys the purpose of the organisation by foreshadowing what they would feel by signing up to the programme through use of command verbs.

![hero image section](assets/images/hero-image-section.png)

## About Us

- This gives an informative background to the organisation and outlines the purpose of the programme through brief explanations of the ongoing initiatives they can be involved in. The language used ensures the user feels spiritually captivated and motivated to take on this journey. 
- This section was kept simple with no image as the user would have just seen the large hero image when first entering the website. It also ensures the user is not distracted with anything other than knowing the exact details of the programme. 
- A grey background was used in order to maintain with the colour scheme of the organisation and to also for the user distinguish between the sections of the page. 
- The Title and Border are the same dark blue colour as seen within hovering over the menu options. This will further develop familiarity and recognition of the user with the organisation. 
- The text colour is black in order to coordinate with the text-colour of the navigation menu and to also produce a clear contrast with the background.
